Check bash version in e2e test (#1562)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

$ ./hack/e2e.sh
```

> **NOTE**: We don't support bash version < 4 for now. For those who using a not supported version of bash, especially macOS (which default bash version is 3.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: We don't support bash version < 4 for now. For those who are using a not supported version of bash, especially macOS (which default bash version is 3.2)
```

> users, please use containerized environment or upgrade your bash manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
users, please run `hack/run-in-container.sh` to start a containerized environment or install bash 4+ manually.
```
